Client has options in menu to create group and to manage groups for which they are an admin. 
Group messages and images work just like ones to regular users. We need to choose different option from menu tho

Keyserver should store type of client. 'type' = 'fastchatter' or 'type' = 'group'. Group members is stored in the table as a list converted to string.

If client creates group, prompted to enter group name, number of members followed by usernames of all the members.
The admin at this point will create a new group private key which is stored locally and a group public key. The admin will 
connect to the keyserver and get the public key regisered there.

After this, the admin will send a special kind of command to the server: 
{'command':'create group', 'group name': 'name', 'admin':'admin username', 'member list':[list of member usernames]}
The server will recognise this request and add the suitable entry to the groups table.


At this point, the client encrypts the group private key with the public key of each of the members it wishes to add. and creates separate 
messages of the form:
{'command':'user-user message', 'encrypted message':'message', 'reciever username':'userxyz', 'sender username':'user1', 'type' = 'message', 'class':'group invite', 'group name':'groupname'}
This message is handled like all others, nothing new. Only when a client recieves it and sees the class = 'group invite', they treat it as the 
invite for a group.They save the private key for the group in local storage and add the group name to a locally mantained list of 
'available groups'.


Note, for just a message/img from user to user 'class' = 'user message'


A group admin mantains a list of my_groups locally which contain group names of groups they are admin for. They may choose option manage 
groups and then enter a group name from the list my groups. If the group exists in the list, admin is promted to either add or delete members. 

If members to be added, same group private key is sent over to the new members as a group invite and server is also sent 
{'command':'add to group', 'group name': 'name', 'member list':[list of users to be added]}
Group table is suitably updated.



To send group message, encrypt it with group public key and send. message will go as: 
{'command':'user-user message', 'encrypted message':'message', 'receiver username':'', 'sender username':'user1', 'type' = 'message', 'class':'group message', 'group name' = 'group name'}

Server will detect that the message is a group message and accordingly forward it ahead to all mombers of the group which will be procured 
from the database. Each client will recognise the class of the message as a group message and deal with it accordingly. The message displayed 
should have the group name as well as the sender name on the reciever side


Note, on group creation, if group already exists then server will return suitable error. If on adding members, any members are already there in group then ignore them.















TODO: public keys may be in local storage or with keyserver.